Provisioner v5.0
----------------

Supported phones (01.03.2013):

Yealink:
    - t1x
    - t2x
    - t3x

Coming soon:

Aastra

-------------------------------

In order to make the provisioner working, you will need (at least) a BigCouch development environment
Support for MySQL will be coming soon, no worries...

You will need to setup the database as metioned in the API README (/api/README) and fill it with whatever
settings you need to provision your phones.

You will also need to fill your BigCouch server address and port in /index.php (it should be around the line 34)
and in the API index (/api/index.php).

The must important part then will be to fill your database with all the information needed to provision your phones. 
For this, you can use the APIs.
The system defaults are optional for now, but you should use them anyway. They can be found in the master_json
folder. Each supported phone family have its own json file.
The account should be created using a Kazoo account_id but they can also be genrated by your own system, as
long as your are using it in the provisioning request url and as long as it is unique.
It should then look like http://yourdomain.com/account_id.
When you will add an account using the APIs, it will create a database for this account. You can set several
phones (a phone will be retrieve using its mac address) for one account and then different settings for each one
of those phones.
the provisioner domain should be the domain that the phones are going to request. So, if the phone is requesting
http://p.kazoo.io/account_id, the domain will be p.kazoo.io.
The general hierarchy is as follow:

    1) Global settings (system_account db)
    2) Brand factory defaults settings
    3) Family factory defaults settings
    4) Model factory defaults settings
    5) Provider settings
    6) Account settings
    7) Phone settings

Keep in mind that if a setting is common to 2 or more layers, the last one will override the others.
Again, you should use the master json files to know how to build the settings attribute in your database.